Hello, freak bitches. I don't need anything better than this.
I still it's still my wife. <laugh> thank God.
I could not have married a woman that didn't have nice. Oh, there's a.
Lot of women out there with little that are angry at you.
Right now. Sorry. You're not real women. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
But I couldn't have married one. I, I respect you and I'll hang out with you.
I'll let you into my shows. Wow. But I'm not gonna marry you.
I'll let you into my shows. <laugh>
if you get outta the itty bitty committee early and you want to go see a comedy
show. Wow. No, I, I, I look, I respect all women. I just think I really do.
You do all of them.
What about mean ones that kill people?
Respect. I respect them even more. <laugh> they're fighting back. They're me.
They're me toing out there. Huh? You hear about the hashtag?
Me too. No, you're gonna love this Joe Rogan. Oh, oh God.
There's a thing now because of Harvey Weinstein, there's a hashtag,
I seen that women that have been sexually harass asked pound,
sign me too on their social media. Jesus Christ. And the, and you know,
it's actually harassed.
I would say it's probably a hundred percent.
Yeah. Because it's a murky definition. Right. You know? I mean,
some of the stories that you hear and I look this Harvey Weinstein thing is
atrocious and that are like,
that are the reason why guys like us have to watch what we say.
All the sensitivity that we've been talking about is because of a few,
not a few. There's a lot of, but.
And it's not just, I mean, we're not talking about a person trying to get late.
We're talking about a person who is holding employment over people, right.
Power. And did you see the TMZ thing where TMZ,
they were describing the nature of his contract,
that he had sexual assault and, um,
and sexual harassment lawsuits
written into the contract. Like how.
Much like a waiver defined.
Yeah. How much he would be fined and for are 1, 1, 1, um,
uh, person saying it, it was a certain amount of money for two allegations.
Oh no. It was more for three. It was like, it was like a hundred thousand,
2 50, 7, 50 a million. Wow. Yeah. He had written.
In like caps on how much he should have to pay. No.
Like how much they would pay him like here or how much he would have to pay.
According to the contract.
If Weinstein treated someone improperly in violation of the company's code of
con of conduct, he must reimburse T WC for the settlements or judgements.
Additionally,
you Weinstein will pay the company liquidated damages of $250,000
for the first such instance, $500,000 for the second such instance,
seven 50 for the third and a million for each additional instance.
Wow. To just imagine that they wrote this in they're complicit,
they're all complicit. There's another provision. Uh,
he can be fired for the pur. Whoa, perpetuation.
Have you ever said perpetuation? Perpetuation? That's a weird word. Yeah.
It is perpetuation by you. Uh,
Weinstein of a material fraud against the company. Okay.
What does that mean? The question. Where's the fraud.
Lance mayor off a board member who negotiated the Weinstein 215,
2015 contract said in an interview and we've confirmed.
The board knew Weinstein had settled prior lawsuits brought by various women,
but they assumed it was to cover up consensual affairs. Sure.
It was the board's assumption does not constitute fraud on Weinstein's part. Mm.
Scroll up.
Keep going more surprisingly is how T WC fired
Weinstein supposed Weinstein, no Weinstein,
supposedly without giving a specific reason,
which could potentially violate the terms of the contract. Oh my God.
That's crazy. Here's the kick.
Even if Weinstein had committed fraud by not fully informing the Bo board of
directors, the contract says before he can be fired,
he has the right to mediation. If that doesn't work,
he's entitled to arbitration. He got neither.
He was summarily fired and sources connected with Weinstein. Tell TMZ.
He was never given a specific reason. Wow. Well.
He's fighting at yeah. I love that.
Where do you get the balls to fight back right now?
I guess he feels like it's the only way to sort of reclaim some ground.
Yeah. I mean, is that a way.
To look at it? Well, that's that mentality and you know, at that level,
the power brokers that run Hollywood, you know, they're all it's.
Trump is like that too. It's all aggression.
It's all come at you when you come at them. Yeah. I mean, it's.
Gotta be a crazy position to be in,
to be the head of Miramax. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's like, it's the biggest,
it's one of the biggest, right. What's the biggest, what, I don't know.
What is the biggest studio? If it's not Miramax,
it's one universal universal Miramax.
So at the very least he's responsible for some of the most
iconic movies ever. Yeah.
Certainly the most Oscars of any studio in the last 20 years. So.
Everyone's kissing his. Yeah. Massive amounts of power.
And this influence over people like royalty. Right? Mm barks.
They all come, you know, everybody's at his whim constantly. Mm.
And then tries to all these starlets.
Like if he had just stuck with like prostitutes
probably still would come out, but it wouldn't come out the same way.
It wouldn't have come out.
You don't think, think about the fact that they covered up sexual assault on,
it sounds like a weekly basis. I mean, this,
this story broke what, five days ago, something like that.
And there's already so many women that have come out and now you've got a bounty
on more women to come out. Like some, I think that there,
somebody else is offering a certain amount of money for every woman that comes
out against him. Jesus.
So it's gonna be like Cosby all over again. And you think about.
But Cosby was drugging and raping women. No, but.
I just mean in terms.
Ly another step, more.
Evil though. Right? I'm just talking about like the frequency of it and,
and the complicity of okay. People that set up the meetings yeah.
Covered up the lawsuits. Oh yeah. Gave the women work after the meetings,
you know,
a lot of them got script deals got rolls in movies because let's a lot of 'em
didn't walk outta the room. A lot of them gave 'em the back rub or whatever.
Else. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that was what Whitney was talking about.
The other day, Whitney Cumings was telling me her and one of her friends, uh,
who's an actress. I did their show at the Largo the other night.
And they were in the, the green room.
And they were talking about how many women literally wrote into their contract.
Like not wrote into it,
but there was an agreement that they would him to get like editors cut.
They would him to get more lines. They, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Girls like prominent actresses had sex with him to ensure that they got big
roles. This.
Was written down.
Some of it was agreed upon. I don't know if they wrote it,
but these things were agreed upon whoa.
And that he always kept his end at the bargain. He was known,
he was known for hooking them up. Wow.
It was part of how he got this whole thing to work.
Which means every director and editor that kept those lines in
knew because editors all the time would chop you chop out whole scenes cuz they
don't work.
Yeah. But that's only, that's like, like when did it happen?
Did it happen before the film was shot? Like he would give them final cut.
Like he would allow them to, you know,
to be in the editing room or was it like,
I will give you the choice part mm-hmm <affirmative> whatever.
It was like some sneaky deal. Yeah. I mean, who knows how he said it?
Who knows how they did it. Yeah.
But the idea that all these actors are coming out and like I have no idea.
Can't believe it. I'm so horrified. How do you not know that.
I'm a road comic and I knew about it. Yeah. I'm not in the middle of Hollywood.
Yeah. I've known about it for 15 years. What did you know?
I knew that he was a casting couch guy.
Everybody knew that he was this sleazy fat.
I always would joke about how like I think he makes himself less attractive cuz
it's more of a power trip for him. It's more fun. Yeah.
Yeah.
To have his fat gut resting on their forehead while he shoots a load in their
mouth. All right. You got the part. Yeah.
Next does some blow. Right?
Doesn't wash hum. Purpose. Yeah.
Has his balls just stink like locker rooms and yeah, it's a weird thing,
man. It's a weird thing that that's, that went on for forever in this,
in this industry, not this industry, the music, the movie industry,
the music industry as well.
Sturgell Simpson was telling me some story about some guy who's a,
a known PST who is like there's,
he's in a similar position in the music business. And like people know like you,
you can't have like young boys around this guy. Wow.
And that he's some big time powerful guy. He told me the guy's name.
I literally can't tell you who the was. But he was saying like, man, there is,
there are people in the music business that are in this exact same situation.
Like they people to have them move on and move up and move forward.